Update links to the Browser docs (#2556)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/cypher-shell.adoc

.Use fine-grained transaction control
====

> The example uses the dataset from the built-in Neo4j Browser guide, called Movie Graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example uses a dataset called the Movie Graph, available in the built-in Neo4j Browser guide.
```

.Use fine-grained transaction control
====
The example uses the dataset from the built-in Neo4j Browser guide, called MovieGraph.

> For more information, see the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/browser/[Neo4j Browser documentation].

Author: Which command should you run to play the Movie Graph guide?

> For more information, see the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/browser/[Neo4j Browser documentation].

Author: ```suggestion
```
